{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red25\green25\blue25;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red25\green25\blue25;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c12941\c12941\c12941;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
\cssrgb\c12941\c12941\c12941;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
In this chapter, the narrator explains how MMP has been ignored by many of the philosophers. It is thought that it is merely an attempt to place morality at the heart of ethics as opposed to being concerned with rules or state of affairs. Many modern ethicists do not believe in Anscomb's philosophy because they misunderstand the Greek notion of virtue and its main point. The first aim of Part 1, however, is to explain the claims made in more detail. For example, when Anscome wrote her paper on the Nicomillean Ethics some thirty-five years ago, she was completely confused. She had no intention of abandoning the idea of moral obligation; instead, she wanted to be out for herself. This confusion caused him to realize that his own ideas about morality were very different from those of other philosophers who believed in divine authority. He also realized that there was no reasonable sense beyond a law theory of ethics. Blackburn writes that Morality is best understood as "par ti cu u la form that ethical thinking might take, But need not." These are all examples of Anschamber's criticisms of morality which have been rejected by others. Some of these critics use the term "moral," but don't apply to them directly. Others use the word "moral" as a reference to another kind of action: "moral psych ch l ol Og y." There are other uses of moral, such as saying that moral goodness is nothing but good or bad. Finally, one can conclude that Anscheme's critiques of Aquinchas's moralis are unobnoxious.\
\
In this chapter, the narrator argues that morality and virtue are not necessarily in relation to each other. The Greeks were philosophers who believed that there was a kind of goodness in being good. They believed that we should take into account our own actions in order to be morally good. This is why many people believe that ethics is just a matter of what we think about it. An example of this is Callicles's famous argument against justice. It is clear that his arguments are flawed because they do not address the real problem of how we ought to act. If we want to know why we should act morally, then we have to ask ourselves why we don't behave properly. We can't really answer this question by asking why we shouldn't acquire these qualities on the basis of their usefulness. Moral virtues tend to be habits of action or avoidance, so we cannot rationally go without them. But when we choose to spend money on things that make us happy, we need to pay attention to the good cause.\
\
In this chapter, the UM uses the term "egoism" to refer to what he means by virtue. He says that it is compatible with his definition of morality because it does not mean that one can be altruistic or hypocritical. The reason why people are good at being human is that they want to be good at doing something for their own good. If someone is good at acting in light of these reasons, then there is no need for vindication. This would be inconsistent with the legitimate claims made by the Greeks about how good an individual should be. Bobonich discusses some of the most important philosophical ideas from the Greek and Roman periods. He believes that only a person who lives well can act as a good person. All other humans fail to live well because they do not have the right kind of self-effacing qualities. They all go badly asthray in their life and actions. Only the person who has the right kinds of traits can live well.\
\
In this chapter, the narrator responds to Louden's objection that morally wrong is an illusion. He defends the notion of "mortal" or "illicit," which belongs in the doctrine of divine law. The term "morally wrong" has no discernible meaning except for a certain persuasive force. It is impossible to deny that it is morally right because there are certain consequences that cannot be justified by appealing to their likely consequences. For example, murdering an innocent man would not be morally just because it violates the Hebrew-Chapter ristian ethics. But Anscomb believes that such actions do not have any relation to the Christian ethic; they only relate to the consequences. This means that even if a procedure were intended to punish an innocent person, it could still be unjust because the circumstances surrounding the killing did not allow it to be just. If the action were meant to kill an innocent human, then it would be considered morally OK. However, since we don't know what kind of action it is, it doesn't matter whether it is legal or not.\
\
In this chapter, the narrator discusses some of the most important issues in moral theory. The first issue concerns Anscomb's argument that morality is not necessarily a concept; rather, it is an idea that has been used as a starting point for many years. This paper was published in the early 1920s and criticized by Alan Donagen. She had doubted whether or not there were sufficient philosophical justifications for morality to be given. Her conclusion was that "the conception of moral Law implicit in that Mo - reality is religion not only in source but essentially." As such, she dismissed Kant's contributions to moral theory as tendentiously and mumbled. Finally, her main point is missing: does we define qualities of character according to the rules they disposoned one to observe or the rules on terms of how anyone with the virtue of char acters would act? It is clear that his views about morality are very different from those of other philosophers. For example, Anscome defends the prohibition of criminal murder because it is against the principle of justice. If you want to punish someone who commits a crime, you have to comply with the law. But Aniscombe thinks that punishment should be explicitly limited so that no one can harm him. He also believes that people need to conform to these precepts because they are necessary for the acquirement or maintenance of their virtue. These principles do not exist in religious tradition, however, and therefore cannot be applied to our everyday lives.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs28 \cf3 \cb4 \
The narrator defends the concept of "morality" in this chapter. He asserts that morality does not have an empty set, and that it is only necessary for one to acquire virtues and acts in accordance With them. An argument against morality begins with the sentence on page 6: "The concepts 40 no morality, no self of immoralness and criminality had such a high natus ra-l affinity." This sentence ends with the paragraph on page 2: "No morality; no self or immorality having such strong nate rA l affinity," which means that Anscome was treating morality as if it were a concept rather than a real concept. In fact, she believes that there are other kinds of morality that do not exist because they are not necessarily related to divine law. For example, the Hebrews believed in God's command to obey his god rather than their own. These commands did not explicitly express for them any ethic but simply override other duties. The Greeks also believed in divine law, but it was vague and fought and very far from defining how to live and conduct themselves in relationship to each other. It was called law because it was intended to be universally applicable to all people. Thus, the idea of being bound doesn't fit into Anscombian logic. Instead, it fits into the Judeo-Christian tradition.\
\
In this chapter, the narrator explains how Anscomb's critique of morality can be used to advance her argument against divine command. He contends that it is impossible to have an explanation for morality without having some sort of reference to its meaning. For example, Anscome would not want to use the word "xyz" as an expression of good standing because it does not express any kind of moral concept. If she were to say that morality was a category with no relation to divine command, then there would be no need for such an explanation. The only way Ansscoe could get away with using the word has to be in terms of God's authority. This means that Anscoe cannot claim that God gave him the authority to make moral decisions. It also means that we do not have to think about what kinds of laws God gives us and how they are enforced. We don't have to worry about whether or not God will give us instructions on how to behave.\
\
In this chapter, Anderson argues that moral theories are not necessarily in the best sense to explain why people do what they do. He uses examples from the Bible to illustrate his argument. For example, one might say that murder is morally wrong because it contradicts certain precept of practical reason and so on. The idea that we should think of moral as an extension of something else rather than its original meaning does not fit into Anscomb's definition of morality: it doesn't define an intension; it only affects individuals. This means that there can be no real difference between moral and non-moral things. It also means that Mackie's "error theory" was wrong. That would mean that all moral statements were false. If you want to deny morality, you have to admit that some of them are true. However, when you look at how many people still believe that criminals are bad, you realize that most of them don't actually mean criminals.\
\
The narrator thinks that the reader might be surprised to find out that Anscome does not take moral to have any extension in the world, even though she has no concept of morality. He also wonders why there are so many different kinds of moral words out there, and how they can all be used without an intension or meaning. For example, some people claim that moral is just a vague term with no meaning; others claim that it doesn't mean anything at all. In other words, we don't really know what this word means until we understand its meaning. This is where the futility of seeking the extension of a verb comes into play. If you want to get more information on the uses of moral terms, check out these articles: Moralists use the term "moral" as a metaphor for their doctrine of justice. They say that moral ideas are useful because they give us reasons to act according to our own judgments. But when we talk about moral things, we usually mean something else. We do not always mean what we mean by ourselves, but sometimes we mean something completely different from what we actually mean.\
\
In this chapter, the UM uses the analogy of morality to explain how expressivism can be used to defend the validity of the word morality. An expressivism is an expression that expresses an attitude of approval or disapproval rather than representing something in the world; it does not have an extension and therefore cannot be used as a basis for reasoning. The argument against morality lies with the idea that there is no longer a divine legislative body who governs morality because God has placed it in the picture. This means that we do not have a concept of what morality is supposed to be. It is only through divine command that we are able to understand the meaning of the words morality speaks.\
\
In this chapter, the UM uses an analogy to explain why it is necessary for morality to be grounded in divine command. He says that God's commands provide incentive to act as virtuous as possible because they will avoid eternal damnation or attainment of everlasting beatitude; however, Anscome's theory of divine command does not change Aristotical necessity. Instead, it changes the agent's conception of what needs to be done and how to act in order to achieve his goal. The word "moral" cannot be understood without reference to human beings who have reason to act. Morality wants no altruistic self-sacrificing ideal, which can only be understood in religious terms. However, when we consider the difference between divine command ethics and the rules on a game, our understanding of the difference becomes more complicated. For example, one might imagine that there are some good consequences for those who comply with the instructions of divine law but also some bad consequences for others who do not comply. This makes the distinction between divine authority and the laws of a games even more important.\
\
In this chapter, the narrator discusses two kinds of situations: 1) people who are told to do something; and 2) people who don't obey an authority. The first is that someone tells you to do what they say, but it doesn't mean that you can do what the person says. The second is that there is a special obligation for being obeyed by somebody. If I am not obeying the authority, I will be guilty of something distinctive. This is important because it seems to be necessary to characterize wrongs in order to understand why they are wrong. Anscome uses the example of a hypothetical game where one has to give a sign saying "bump" or write it in red ink. When the person gives the sign, however, it means that he won't be able to act well without having to reproach others. It also means that the person who gave the sign must have some kind of power over other people. Thus, when the person giving the sign gets into trouble, his chances of acting well are reduced. Finally, we see that the only way to get around this problem is to use the word "proto-praom," which means "I say ping." That is, everyone has to agree to follow the rules of the game. So, even though driving on the opposite side of the earth is groundless, driving on right is just as bad. And finally, breaking promises is like breaking property rights. We think about this as starting out as a common groundless game with no morality at all. But then things start to get more complicated. For example, sometimes people break their own promises. They may not take the same property anymore, but they might still be punished for breaking them. Also, these terms seem to be used in different ways. Some scholars argue that the term "forcing" and "stopping" refer to illegal behavior. These terms are used in both legal and non-legal contexts. However, Aniscombe points out that such cases are analogous to those dealing with legitimate authority. Aristotical authority is supposed to exist in three stages: First, the commander takes charge of the situation; Second, the individual receives the command of the commander; and Third, the person accepts the control of the executive.\
\
In Chapter 6, Milton argues that there are no moral theories outside the moral realm. The only instances in which we can find authority to act are when we make promises, contracts, and other customary practices. These kinds of situations do not involve God or his divine command. He does not believe that these types of norms have any application because they do not represent the "ethic situation" as it is presented in the modern world. History has diverged from the past, and historians of science have become antiquarian rather than scientific. Historical distance does not prevent scholars from studying the past; however, many philosophers who studied the ancient Greeks were now out of touch with their current concerns. Even so, MMP remains an important example of how history can be used to understand contemporary philosophical debates. It was never re-ally incon -- gruous in part one of this book -- but even more importantly, it did not take on the role of historical perspective. However, some critics argue that Anscomb's theory of morality could still be considered a religious law concept. This would require a divine legislative body to govern the conduct of society. If such a constitution were not possible, then what difference would it make? What if all ethical notions were divided into "law conceptions" and "virtual conceptions," each with its own distinctive account of ethical reasons\
\
In this chapter, the narrator argues that morality does not lie in its "aspirit" to law conceptions. It lies in the fact that people do not reject the virtue of virtue when their laws are divinely promugated. The Jews, Christians, and the Muslims do not accept the ethics because they have no religious beliefs or reason for believing it. They just subscribe to a more lopsided form of a philosophy on which the virtues can be submissively subsumedas un der the merit of piousness. Callicles defends the idea that virtues ally do beneficial to their possessories, but an argument against such claims cannot be supported by a theory of justice as conventionally conceived. This is true, however, because there is a big gap in philosophical theory about what constitutes good and bad behavior. An example would be if someone were saying, "I am Smith." If the word "I" refers to oneself, then the person who says it must also refer to himself. But Anscomb's circularity arguments don't work. Rumfitt has proposed a different solution: his account of the first-person pronoun is vulnerable to Anscove's Circularity Argument.\
\
In this chapter, the narrator argues that it is not necessary to explain why someone who does not know about his position as the chairman of the Com-pa-ny must fail to have "special information" because he is in such an advantageous position. He also contends that there is no specification of special information relevant to such an example; only knowledge of its nature can be expressed by one's self-reference. Peacock writes that "fully self-co nsicious uses of I" generate a general truth: tha person thinks she is F is false only if her own thought is F. The speaker knows that she is thinking about herself, and therefore cannot judge whether she is or not. This means that even if they are both aware of each other's thoughts, they do not know how to interpret them. O'Brien defends the principle that "I" is a reflexive device for referring to themselves. She says that every person uses it to refer directly to himself. If everyone else uses the same term, then all people will use the same word.\
\
In this paper, Evans argues that each person has their own conviction about whom her own worst is. Each speaker uses the word "I" to describe herself in the same way as Anscomb's description of Smith. The speaker knows that she can refer to herself and not others with the same meaning; therefore, each person uses I to refer to themselves. This means that every person uses it to reference himself or anyone else. For example, one person might use "I," which is the device for conforming to O'Brien's rule that everyone should use "i" to refer directly to herself. Another person might say, "I, because I is the speaker of these very words." That would mean that all people use "the speaker" instead of the speaker they are thinking of. If we were talking about counterfactions, then no one would be able to explain what the intention of using "I was supposed to be." It would be hard to understand how an individual could use such a device without knowing who she is.\
\
In this chapter, Evans focuses on the first-person self-reference problem. He uses an example of a society where every person has two names: "B" to "Z" and "A" to represent himself. Each person has a character that makes him different from other people, so there is no way for one person to know what the other person is thinking when he uses the name "A."\
\
Rumfitt defends Anscome's argument that the "reflexive proverb" is a reference expression, but she rejects it as meaningless because it cannot be used to describe an action. Rumfixt contends that Anscoube can only interpret the meaning of the pronouin in terms of "I," and that this interpretation is incorrect. He uses examples from Evans and Glendower's paper on the subject of the indirect self-reference. In Rum Fitt's view, the direct self refers to someone who intends to perform an act, while the indirect responds to an action that does not involve an individual.\
\
Rumfitt argues that Cato cannot be expected to act when he does not intend to do so, because he has no capacity to identify who he is intending to kill. He also contends that the act of killing oneself can only be described in terms of an intended action. This argument goes something like this: "the act one intendes to perform When one intendsto perform when one plans to kill one himself cannot be the acts specified by 'kills' for any denoteing expression 'I.' For example, a person would have to understand what it would take to kill himself, which would require him to know what his actions will be. Rum Fitt then proceeds to argue that there are two kinds of self-references: 1) ordinary and indirect; and 2) direct. Rumfit says that these are the most common types of self reference, but that they are different from the conventional type of self referential pronoun used in indirect speech. The first kind is called the "ordinary" reflexive, while the second is called simply the "indirect" or "reflexive." Rumfit thinks that we should use the word "I" as a predicate for the meaning of "I," since it corresponds with what would be said in direct language by "I." Rum fitt points out that some people might want to deny such a claim, especially Anscombbe, because their arguments seem to depend on the difference between the normal and indirect forms of Self-Referential Pronoun\
\
The narrator defends Prior's argument that the "reflexive" pronoun, Self, can be treated as an indirect reflexive proverb. He rejects Geach and O'Brien's arguments for using the term "higher-or der functional" to refer to higher or der functional predicators. In contrast, Rumfitt uses the word "surface manifestations" to describe what happens when a person asserts that it is raining. This infers that the speaker is talking about himself.\
\
In this paper, Prior explains how to use "I" as an inference. He uses the example of a bell ringing and shouting that it is unclean because someone has claimed that it was already an I statement. The speaker draws attention to something other than himself or her own but does not explicitly say what it is. This is the first step in the story where we can recognize things like reference or necessity. It also introduces the second stage of the language game, which involves picking out one subject and then identifying it with any number of others. These two stages are set for formal inferences about identity, relations, and connections. The first stage is made up of singular terms, such as "I believe that." The second stage is formed by singular words, meaning "effects reference." Thus, the first stage contains only predicative statements.\
\
In this chapter, Prior argues that "I" can be understood as an indirect pronoun. He uses the example of eating breakfast to illustrate how difficult it is for Prior to understand the meaning of "I." The first difficulty is that "now" sometimes seems synonymous with "contemporanously with this word," which means that something is going on now. However, in other situations, such as when someone is drinking, "Now" does not mean anything but contemporaneous with the present moment. Instead, it means something like: "I am tired. Now, however, refers to what I is doing at this moment. This is because we have seen that "self" and "I are related to each other." Thus, while both words refer to the same thing, they do not relate to the subject of the verbal expression itself.\
\
Harcourt tries to defend Anscomb's denial of "I" as a reference expression, but she does not deny that it is used to express anything. She also rejects the notion that an "I," in her view, is speaking of something. In fact, she believes that only someone who knows what an object is can speak of it. If we assume that an I is talking about something, then there is no way for us to know whether or not this person is actually talking about himself. Even if they do know, however, how to interpret such statements, they cannot be true because they are so vague. For instance, if you say that you are hungry, then people will think that you have been eating because you were hungry when you said you were hunger.\
\
In this chapter, Wright argues that an expression has "the surface grammar of the singular term" and occurs in true sentences. This means that it refers to something real. He uses examples from Frege's work on number theory to illustrate his point. For example, he says that if an object is a single term, then it must have a relation to something else. If we were talking about numbers, however, there would be no relation between the two objects because they are singular terms. The only condition for being true with these terms is that they are true in all sentences. It is not clear whether Anscomb thinks that such terms actually refer to something or not. However, she does believe that some of them do.
\f0 \cf0 \cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf5 \cb4 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 In this chapter, the narrator discusses some of the more important arguments that Aniscombe uses to support his claim that "I" is an abstract. He contends that these arguments are only motivated by fear and ignorance about the meaning of the term. For instance, many people believe that all I judgments are true because they relate to something else. This belief is not supported by any theory or philosophical argument. Instead, it is believed that there are certain inferences which can be made with the word "I." The first objection to this idea is that it is impossible to make sense of such inferential relationships between words like "I," as opposed to those where the word refers to someone else. It is even more difficult to use the word as an abstract object since we do not usually take things to refer to us directly. Another objection was that since objects are contingent, it would be hard to account for the same inference from statements like "J.D. is hungry." Frege's approach to number theory has been popular among the twentieth century, especially since Wright's conception of numbers as objects\
\
In this chapter, the narrator defends the abstractist proposal for saving "I" as a singular term. He rejects the notion that an abstract represents something inherently true or assertable; instead, it represents something impossibly abstract. This paper discusses two main concerns: first, the idea that an object can be abstracted by an abstract principle; and second, the fact that we can use an abstract to represent ourselves as self-ascribers. The latter concern is further complicated by the impregnativity of the abstract principle itself, which makes it impossible to predict what will become of its constituent parts.\
\
In this chapter, the UM discusses the differences between morality and mores and ethics. He uses Aquinis's terms to explain why they are so unobjectable. Anscomb believes that morality cannot be expressed by words like moral or moralis because it is not possible to express an entire modality of ethical necessity in such a way as to derive from any other category. The term "mores" means customs or practice, and good means just that; good applies to customary practices or practices. Moral actions and human actions are one-and-the same thing. Ambrose claims that moral goodness of an act is nothing but his good ness as another human action. If the idea does not involve some special suigenis sense of morality, then good mores do not either. Assuming that God has set forth these precepts for humans, there is no need for them. It is obvious that God sets forth these principles for people who have fallen into sin. This is what Anscome meant when she said that law conceptions of ethics were supposed to hold that something was needed for conformation with virtues failure. She also says that justice is required by God. However, since both kinds of acts are subject to moral assessment, neither can be interpreted according to divine law.\
\
In this chapter, Donagan argues that morality is not just a system of rules but also a law. If we think of it as merely a set of prescripts and laws, then Aquinus's theory does not make sense because the law in most of his moral component is composed by the same principles whose Ob-servance is an obligation to possess some kind of virtue. This means that Anscome doesn't really believe what Irwin says about Anscombesses. It turns out that Idwin believes that both men are on the same side of the coin when it comes to morality. The fact that they don't accept legislative conceptions of moral requirements makes them different from those who do. For example, Aqunas sees no reason why God would want us to obey his command for our sake. He only wants us to be loving and just so that we can obey him even in spite of any threatened divine punishment. That way, Aquinchas will have access to all of the practical reasons necessary for obeying God. As such, there won't be any need for legislation or legal reasoning. Instead, people should be able to use their rational faculties to understand how to act according to God's orders.\
\
In this chapter, the narrator argues that the Stoic philosophy does not believe in God's divine law. It believes that human beings are natural creatures who make signs for God to communicate with them. The only reason why the Greeks do not believe it is because they assume that God gives signs to humans on certain occasions is because of the fact that humans are rational creatures and therefore have reason to interpret events as divine law which they interpret as divine revelation. This means that God doesn't provide any kind of sign or explanation for what happens to humans. Instead, He provides an endowment for human practical reason so that we can act according to God'll. An example of this would be the Hebrews giving prophecies about their future history. If God gave these prophecies to man, then people would obey his commands without abiding by him. Because the doctrine of Stoic Ethics lacks some sort of explicit provision for laws or commandments, it remains within the area of "Aristotlelian" necessity.\
\
In this chapter, the UM uses examples from his own writings to argue that Anscome's definition of morality is not necessarily inconsistent with what she believes to be the classical notion of virtue. She does not deny that there are some instances in which it would be wrong to act in such a way as to violate the rights of others. However, she does acknowledge that many people do not believe in an agent's right to act when it is necessary for him to do so. The UM also defends the theory of virtue as being based on the idea that flourishing in virtue can lead to good action.\
The narrator defends Anscomb's argument that morality is not an idea. He says that it is only when the concept is confused with other concepts that we find out its meaning. This confusion arises when there is no justification for morality, and this confuses people. For example, one might say that morally ought must express reasons for action but does not express any reason for doing it. Another way of thinking about morality would be to contrast what should be done with a theoretical concept like what need to be done in order to prove completeness of Arithmetic. In particular, some scholars argue that Anscome was wrong to assume that divine law ethics were equivalent to atheistic philosophy. If Ansscoe had concedered that such an atmosphere could attach to normations with quite other sources, how could she rule out the possibilitythat those same atmosphere might attached to norms as well? Moral obligations would then collapse onto moral virtue adt erall, and we wouldn't be back with Victorian conception.\
\
In this chapter, the UM uses examples from Kaplan and Teichmann to defend his use of concept-expressions as an approach to evaluating what people say. He rejects the notion that content is something that can be divided into multiple parts, such as "I am warm" and "I'm false other wise." The UM does not believe that we should have to sacrifice our interest in knowing what someone said for the sake of trying to figure out whether or not it was true. For example, one might say that the speaker is hot because there are two things that are true if they are both cold. But then another person would say that even if their words were true, they would still be false. This means that the object of the conversation is not necessarily true; it is just different from what the speaker said.\
\
In this paper, Harcourt argues that the no-reference thesis does not have consequences for first-person sentences in logical form. It is intended to limit the class of words that can be used as reference expressions. He also suggests that Anscome's claim that "I am Ea" is an identity proposition cannot be true because it is based on a definition of identity proposition that does not exist. This argument is further complicated by the fact that Aniscombe was written for Catholic audiences and did not refer to Aquitas or his philosophy in her work.\
\
In this chapter, the author focuses on his own writings and discusses them with others. He is grateful for the assistance of several people, including Danielle Allen; Mark Johnston; Laurie Schafer; and Peter Godardard and Dionne Petito. These are some of the most important works that have been published in the last five years.\
\
The book is grateful to all who have written it, especially to the many people who have read it. Some of the chapters are originally published as "Spurious egocentricity" and the first Acknowledged Edgments persons," but others have been revised and added to or removed from the original edition. In particular, Jonathan Dordrecht thanks Bill Makin for his work on morality. He also thanks Adam Bereford, Sarah Brigie, Thomas Callcut, Jon Dancy, Cara Diamond, Andrew Egan, Antonio EveretT, Lucy O'Brien, Phil Pettit; Gideon Rosario, Daniel Rudoi, Jorge Secade, Ravi Gurney, Michael Smith
\f0 \cf0 \cb1 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs28 \cf0 \
}